feat: add a toolbar wildcard explainer to the tutorial (#5043)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/tutorials/toolbar.md

What the toolbar is doing here is displaying the number of clicks on each of those elements over the past 7 days.

You can change the date range of the heatmap by clicking on the number next to the (🔥) icon on the toolbar. 

![The toolbar with the hteamp showing and a little number next to it](../images/tutorials/toolbar/toolbar-heatmap-icon.png)

This displays a new menu where you can select various ranges, and view a list of the most clicked on elements in descending order.

### Using wildcards to search "slug" URLs

> If you have a page where the URL has an ID or repeating part e.g. `/my-shop/product/a-product-id`. You can use this menu to add wild-cards into the URL that the toolbar searches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a page where the URL has an ID or repeating part (e.g. `/my-shop/product/a-product-id`), you can use this menu to add wildcards into the URL that the toolbar searches. Wildcards will match any value in that part of the URL.
```

> Showing clicks across all product pages for example by using `/my-shop/product/*`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to show clicks across all product pages, replace `a-product-id` with `*` so the URL looks like `/my-shop/product/*`
```
